feat(WebexLocalMedia): replace self-view with local share (#198)
webex/components: src/components/WebexLocalMedia/README.md

# Webex Local Media Component

Webex local media component displays the local video or the local screen share, if enabled. If disabled, the avatar of the current _Webex_ user is displayed. The user can choose which stream to display (video or screen) using the `mediaType` prop. 

<p align="center">
  <img src="./WebexLocalMedia.png" alt="Default Webex Local Media" />
</p>

## Preview

To see all the different possible states of the Webex Local Media component,

> you can view our [storybook](https://webex.github.io/components/storybook/?path=/story/webex-local-video--enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can view our [storybook](https://webex.github.io/components/storybook/?path=/story/meetings-webex-local-media--video)

```

or run the following **NPM** command:

```shell
  npm start
```

## Embed

1. Create a component adapter from which the data will be retrieved (See [adapters](../../adapters)). For instance:

    ```js
    const jsonAdapter = new WebexJSONAdapter(jsonData);
    ```

2. Create a component instance by passing the meeting ID as a string and enclose it within
[a data provider](../WebexDataProvider/WebexDataProvider.js) that takes

> the [component data adapter](../../adapters/WebexJSONAdapter.js) that we created previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [component data adapter](../../adapters/WebexJSONAdapter.js) that we created previously. Choose the type of media to display by passing a string to `mediaType`

```
